[New Product] Keycloak (#2033)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/keycloak.md

---
title: Keycloak
category: server-app
# https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/8125
iconSlug: NA
permalink: /keycloak
releasePolicyLink: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/security/policy#supported-versions
changelogTemplate: "https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/releases/tag/__LATEST__"
activeSupportColumn: false
releaseColumn: true
releaseDateColumn: true
eolColumn: Supported

auto:
-   git: https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak.git

releases:
-   releaseCycle: "20.0"
    releaseDate: 2022-11-01
    eol: false

>     latest: "20.0.1"

Reviewer: :) they already released a new version : 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112882/207453938-308610e4-5008-4ae9-9b35-bb93516388a9.png)

Reviewer: @marcwrobel

Author: Updated, thanks.

    releaseDate: 2022-03-11
    eol: 2022-06-24
    latest: "17.0.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-03-23

-   releaseCycle: "16.1"
    releaseDate: 2021-12-20
    eol: 2022-03-23
    latest: "16.1.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-01-25

-   releaseCycle: "16.0"
    releaseDate: 2021-12-17
    eol: 2022-01-25
    latest: "16.0.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2021-12-17

-   releaseCycle: "15.1"
    releaseDate: 2021-12-10
    eol: 2021-12-17
    latest: "15.1.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2021-12-17

-   releaseCycle: "15.0"
    releaseDate: 2021-07-15
    eol: 2021-12-17
    latest: "15.0.2"
    latestReleaseDate: 2021-08-20

-   releaseCycle: "14.0"
    releaseDate: 2021-06-18
    eol: 2021-08-20
    latest: "14.0.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2021-06-18

-   releaseCycle: "13.0"
    releaseDate: 2021-05-06
    eol: 2021-06-18
    latest: "13.0.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2021-05-25

-   releaseCycle: "12.0"
    releaseDate: 2020-12-16
    eol: 2021-05-25
    latest: "12.0.4"
    latestReleaseDate: 2021-03-01

-   releaseCycle: "11.0"
    releaseDate: 2020-07-22
    eol: 2021-03-01
    latest: "11.0.3"
    latestReleaseDate: 2020-11-05

-   releaseCycle: "10.0"
    releaseDate: 2020-04-29

>     eol: 2020-11-05

Reviewer: eol days ( for all releasecycles) looks a bit weird to me . shouldnt they point to release date of next cycle ( instead of pointing to nextversion's latestReleaseDate ) ??

Reviewer: @marcwrobel

Author: You are absolutely right, good catch !

Author: Fixed.

    latest: "10.0.2"
    latestReleaseDate: 2020-06-02

---

> > [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) is Open Source identity and access management solution for

Reviewer: `is Open Source` -> is `an` Open Source

Author: Fixed.

> for modern applications and services.

> Only the latest release is supported. Depending on the severity of a vulnerability the issue may be

Reviewer 2: Clarifying what support means would be nice:

```suggestion
Only the latest major version gets active development and security fixes.
Depending on the severity of a vulnerability the issue may be
```

> fixed in the current `major.minor` release or, for lower severity vulnerabilities or hardening, in

Reviewer: this one looks almost same when you read so i suggest to emphasize  not just major.minor but also current and following parts too , OR we can just write it just like major +1  . minor for following version part

Author: Got this sentence on https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/security/policy#supported-versions.

:-1:  for `major+1.minor`: the following version can also be a minor version.

I am more in favor of not changing anything. I agree this sentence is difficult to read but I did not found a better way to say it.

Reviewer: my suggestion is : 
fixed in `the current major.minor` release or, for lower severity vulnerabilities or hardening, in `the following major.minor` release.

[ i mean taking `the current` and `the following` parts also inside  `` ]

Reviewer: @marcwrobel

Author: That's strange, I do not think "current" and "following" must be formatted as code. I still vote for keeping the sentence like it is.

Reviewer: or at least we completely remove both major.minor parts in sentences , because it makes them focused by reader and missing the important part ( `the current` and `the following` )

Author: Ok, let's do that.

Author: Done.

release.

> A commercial offering with long term support of specific versions of Keycloak is proposed by Red Hat

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A commercial offering with long term support of specific versions of Keycloak is provided by Red Hat
```

> Red Hat offers long term support of specific versions of Keycloak under the commercially supported

Reviewer: Looks like there is an gramatical problem here but not sure (because i am not a native english speaker)
But i think we just need to drop `supported` part end of this line

Reviewer: I mean `Red Hat offers long term support for specific versions of Keycloak via their commercial support`

Author: You are right, it does not seem right. I changed the sentence, do you think it is better ?

Reviewer: Much better thank you
